Readme.md, before:

Mappins
=========

A node.js app that uses the google maps API for viewing the placemarks stored in a KML file.  At the moment you can import a KML file and the placemarks are loaded into a mongo database before being displayed on the map as a bunch of pins.

This is a work in progress with edit and export features coming soon.

Note: You need to have node.js and mongodb installed and running and an active internet connection.

Tech
-----------

Mappins uses a number of open source projects to work properly:

* [node.js] - evented I/O for the backend
* [Express] - web application framework for node
* [Twitter Bootstrap] - great UI boilerplate for modern web apps
* [jQuery] - duh 
* [jade] - node template engine 
* [less] - the dynamic stylesheet language
* [mongodb] - a scalable, high-performance, open source NoSQL database 
* [q] - tool for making and composing asynchronous promises in JavaScript 
* [mocha] - a feature-rich JavaScript test framework 
* [underscore] - a utility-belt library for JavaScript 

  [node.js]: http://nodejs.org
  [express]: http://expressjs.com
  [Twitter Bootstrap]: http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/
  [jQuery]: http://jquery.com  
  [jade]: http://jade-lang.com/
  [less]: http://lesscss.org/
  [mongodb]: http://www.mongodb.org/
  [q]: https://github.com/kriskowal/q
  [mocha]: http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha/
  [underscore]: http://underscorejs.org/

Commit message:

added client side javascript unit tests

Readme.md, after:

Mappins 
========= 
A node.js app that uses the google maps API for viewing the placemarks stored in a KML file.  You can import a KML file and the placemarks are loaded into a mongo database before being displayed on the map as a bunch of pins.

Tested in chrome only.

Tech
----------- 
Mappins uses a number of open source projects to work properly:

* [node.js] - evented I/O for the backend
* [Express] - web application framework for node
* [Twitter Bootstrap] - great UI boilerplate for modern web apps
* [jQuery] - duh 
* [jade] - node template engine 
* [less] - the dynamic stylesheet language
* [mongodb] - a scalable, high-performance, open source NoSQL database 
* [q] - tool for making and composing asynchronous promises in JavaScript 
* [mocha] - a feature-rich JavaScript test framework 
* [underscore] - a utility-belt library for JavaScript 
* [jsTestDriver] - javascript unit test console
* [sinon] - standalone test spies, stubs and mocks for JavaScript

  [node.js]: http://nodejs.org
  [express]: http://expressjs.com
  [Twitter Bootstrap]: http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/
  [jQuery]: http://jquery.com  
  [jade]: http://jade-lang.com/
  [less]: http://lesscss.org/
  [mongodb]: http://www.mongodb.org/
  [q]: https://github.com/kriskowal/q
  [mocha]: http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha/
  [underscore]: http://underscorejs.org/
  [jsTestDriver]: https://code.google.com/p/js-test-driver/
  [sinon]: http://sinonjs.org/
